Update Permissions for iOS 6.7 and Align Code Snippets (#311)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Getting Started/Understanding Permissions/index.md

!@

### Checking Current Permissions of a Group of RPCs

> You can also retrieve the status of a group of RPCs. First, you can retrieve the permission status of the group of RPCs as a whole: whether or not those RPCs are all allowed, all disallowed, or some are allowed and some are disallowed. This may allow you to know, for example, if a feature you need is allowed based on the status of all the RPCs of the features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also retrieve the status of a group of RPCs. First, you can retrieve the permission status of the group of RPCs as a whole: whether or not those RPCs are all allowed, all disallowed, or some are allowed and some are disallowed. This will allow you to know, for example, if a feature you need is allowed based on the status of all the RPCs needed for the feature.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLPermissionElement *showElement = [[SDLPermissionElement alloc] initWithRPCName:SDLRPCFunctionNameShow parameterPermissions:nil];
SDLPermissionElement *getVehicleDataElement = [[SDLPermissionElement alloc] initWithRPCName:SDLRPCFunctionNameGetVehicleData parameterPermissions:@[@"rpm"]];

> SDLPermissionGroupStatus groupStatus = [self.sdlManager.permissionManager groupStatusOfRPCPermissions:@[showElement, addCommandElement]];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDLPermissionGroupStatus groupStatus = [self.sdlManager.permissionManager groupStatusOfRPCPermissions:@[showElement, getVehicleDataElement]];
```

switch (groupStatus) {
    case SDLPermissionGroupStatusAllowed:
        // All of the RPCs are allowed
        break;
    case SDLPermissionGroupStatusMixed:
        // Some are allowed, others are disallowed
        break;
    case SDLPermissionGroupStatusDisallowed:
        // All of the RPCs are disallowed
        break;
    case SDLPermissionGroupStatusUnknown:
        // We don't yet know the status of the RPCs
        break;
}
```

##### Swift
```swift
let showElement = SDLPermissionElement(rpcName: .show, parameterPermissions: nil)
let getVehicleDataElement = SDLPermissionElement(rpcName: .getVehicleData, parameterPermissions: ["rpm"])

> let groupStatus = sdlManager.permissionManager.groupStatus(ofRPCPermissions:[showElement, addCommandElement])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let groupStatus = sdlManager.permissionManager.groupStatus(ofRPCPermissions:[showElement, getVehicleDataElement])
```

        break;
}
```
!@

> The previous snippet will give a quick generic status for all permissions together. However, if you want to get a more detailed result about the status of every permission or parameter in the group, you can use the @![iOS]`statusesOfRPCPermissions:`!@@![java, javaSE, javaEE]`getStatusOfPermissions`@! method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous snippet will give a quick generic status for all permissions together. However, if you want to get a more detailed result about the status of every permission or parameter in the group, you can use the @![iOS]`statusesOfRPCPermissions:`!@@![java, javaSE, javaEE]`getStatusOfPermissions`!@ method.
```

> The previous snippet will give a quick generic status for all permissions together. However, if you want to get a more detailed result about the status of every permission or parameter in the group, you can use the @![iOS]`statusesOfRPCPermissions:`!@@![java, javaSE, javaEE]`getStatusOfPermissions`!@ method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous snippet will give a quick generic status for all permissions together. However, if you want to get a more detailed result about the status of every permission or parameter in the group, you can use the @![iOS]`statusesOfRPCPermissions:`!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE,javascript]`getStatusOfPermissions`!@ method.
```

Reviewer: I checked and `getStatusOfPermissions` is used in the JavaScript library.

@![iOS]
```objc
SDLPermissionElement *showElement = [[SDLPermissionElement alloc] initWithRPCName:SDLRPCFunctionNameShow parameterPermissions:nil];
SDLPermissionElement *getVehicleDataElement = [[SDLPermissionElement alloc] initWithRPCName:SDLRPCFunctionNameGetVehicleData parameterPermissions:@[@"rpm"]];

> NSDictionary<SDLRPCFunctionName, SDLRPCPermissionStatus *> *status = [self.sdlManager.permissionManager statusOfRPCs:@[showElement, addCommandElement]];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NSDictionary<SDLRPCFunctionName, SDLRPCPermissionStatus *> *status = [self.sdlManager.permissionManager statusesOfRPCPermissions:@[showElement, getVehicleDataElement]];
```

if (status[SDLRPCFunctionNameGetVehicleData].isRPCAllowed) {
    // GetVehicleData RPC is allowed
}

if (status[SDLRPCFunctionNameGetVehicleData].rpcParameters[@"rpm"].boolValue) {
    // RPM parameter in GetVehicleDataRPC is allowed
}
```

```swift
let showElement = SDLPermissionElement(rpcName: .show, parameterPermissions: nil)
let getVehicleDataElement = SDLPermissionElement(rpcName: .getVehicleData, parameterPermissions: ["rpm"])

> let status = sdlManager.permissionManager.statuses(ofRPCPermissions:[showElement, addCommandElement])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let status = sdlManager.permissionManager.statuses(ofRPCPermissions:[showElement, getVehicleDataElement])
```

!@

### Observing Permissions
If desired, you can @![iOS]subscribe to!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE,javascript]set a listener for!@ a group of permissions. The @![iOS]subscription's handler!@ @![android,javaSE,javaEE,javascript]listener!@ will be called when the permissions for the group changes. If you want to be notified when the permission status of any of RPCs in the group change, set the `groupType` to @![iOS]`SDLPermissionGroupTypeAny`!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE]`PERMISSION_GROUP_TYPE_ANY`!@@![javascript]`SDL.manager.permission.enums.PermissionGroupType.ANY`!@. If you only want to be notified when all of the RPCs in the group are allowed, or go from allowed to some/all not allowed, set the `groupType` to @![iOS]`SDLPermissionGroupTypeAllAllowed`!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE]`PERMISSION_GROUP_TYPE_ALL_ALLOWED`!@@![javascript]`SDL.manager.permission.enums.PermissionGroupType.ALL_ALLOWED`!@.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> SDLPermissionObserverIdentifier observerId = [self.sdlManager.permissionManager addObserverForRPCs:@[<#RPC name#>, <#RPC name#>] groupType:<#SDLPermissionGroupType#> withHandler:^(NSDictionary<SDLPermissionRPCName, NSNumber<SDLBool> *> * _Nonnull updatedPermissionStatuses, SDLPermissionGroupStatus updatedGroupStatus) {

Reviewer: The Obj-C code snippet is still using `addObserverForRPCs:groupType:withHandler:` instead of `subscribeToRPCPermissions:groupType:withHandler:`

Author: Fixed

    if (updatedPermissionStatuses[SDLRPCFunctionNameGetVehicleData].isRPCAllowed) {
        // GetVehicleData RPC is allowed
    }

    if (updatedPermissionStatuses[SDLRPCFunctionNameGetVehicleData].rpcParameters[@"rpm"].boolValue) {
        // RPM parameter in GetVehicleDataRPC is allowed
    }
}];
```

##### Swift
```swift
let showElement = SDLPermissionElement(rpcName: .show, parameterPermissions: nil)
let getVehicleDataElement = SDLPermissionElement(rpcName: .getVehicleData, parameterPermissions: ["rpm", "airbagStatus"])
let subscriptionId = sdlManager.permissionManager.subscribe(toRPCPermissions: [showElement, getVehicleDataElement], groupType: .allAllowed) { (updatedPermissionStatuses, updatedGroupStatus) in
    if updatedPermissionStatuses[.getVehicleData]?.isRPCAllowed == true {
        // GetVehicleData RPC is allowed
    }

>     if status[.getVehicleData]?.rpcParameters?["rpm"]?.boolValue == true {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if updatedPermissionStatuses[.getVehicleData]?.rpcParameters?["rpm"]?.boolValue == true {
```

If desired, you can @![iOS]subscribe to!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE,javascript]set a listener for!@ a group of permissions. The @![iOS]subscription's handler!@ @![android,javaSE,javaEE,javascript]listener!@ will be called when the permissions for the group changes. If you want to be notified when the permission status of any of RPCs in the group change, set the `groupType` to @![iOS]`SDLPermissionGroupTypeAny`!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE]`PERMISSION_GROUP_TYPE_ANY`!@@![javascript]`SDL.manager.permission.enums.PermissionGroupType.ANY`!@. If you only want to be notified when all of the RPCs in the group are allowed, or go from allowed to some/all not allowed, set the `groupType` to @![iOS]`SDLPermissionGroupTypeAllAllowed`!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE]`PERMISSION_GROUP_TYPE_ALL_ALLOWED`!@@![javascript]`SDL.manager.permission.enums.PermissionGroupType.ALL_ALLOWED`!@.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLPermissionElement *showElement = [[SDLPermissionElement alloc] initWithRPCName:SDLRPCFunctionNameShow parameterPermissions:nil];
SDLPermissionElement *getVehicleDataElement = [[SDLPermissionElement alloc] initWithRPCName:SDLRPCFunctionNameGetVehicleData parameterPermissions:@[@"rpm"]];

> SDLPermissionObserverIdentifier observerId = [self.sdlManager.permissionManager subscribeToRPCPermissions:@[showElement, getVehicleDataElement] groupType:<#SDLPermissionGroupType#> withHandler:^(NSDictionary<SDLRPCFunctionName, SDLPermissionStatus *> *_Nonnull updatedPermissionStatuses, SDLPermissionGroupStatus updatedGroupStatus) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDLPermissionObserverIdentifier subscriptionId = [self.sdlManager.permissionManager subscribeToRPCPermissions:@[showElement, getVehicleDataElement] groupType:<#SDLPermissionGroupType#> withHandler:^(NSDictionary<SDLRPCFunctionName, SDLRPCPermissionStatus *> *_Nonnull updatedPermissionStatuses, SDLPermissionGroupStatus updatedGroupStatus) {
```

!@

### Stopping Observation of Permissions

> When you set up the @![iOS]subscription!@ @![android,javaSE,javaEE,javascript]listener!@, you will get a unique id back. Use this id to unsubscribe to the permissions at a later date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you set up the @![iOS]subscription!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE,javascript]listener!@, you will get a unique id back. Use this id to unsubscribe to the permissions at a later date.
```
